docs: How CozyClient store works (#1146)
cozy/cozy-client: docs/architecture.md

`ObservableQuery` are objects instantiated by a <Query /> component. Their
role is to react to store changes and wake the component. They should not
be used directly as `useQuery` and `queryConnect` do the job for you.

What do we mean by saying "This redux store
brings observability to cozy-client, and allows for connection of
UI components to the data." exactly, let's take a full exemple: 

We have a component that displays a todolist: 
```jsx
// TodoListComponent.jsx
const { data, fetchStatus } = useQuery(Q('io.cozy.todos'), {'as': 'todoslist'})
if(fetchStatus === 'loaded'){
  return <TodoLists todos={data}> /> 
}
```

But we also have a component that gives use the opportunity to add a 
new todo: 
```jsx
client.save({_type: 'io.cozy.todos', 'label': 'New TODO'});
```

After the call to `save` your `TodoListComponent` will be re-rendered 
with the `New TODO`. 

How does it works?

When a `query` is resolved, CozyClient dispatches a `receiveQueryResult`
action for a simple `get` but `receiveMutationResult` when we mutate 
something. 

> Focus on `receiveMutationResult`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Focus on `receiveMutationResult`: 
```

Our two slices `documents` and `queries` listen actions and do some specific work on
 `isReceivingMutationResult` action.

`documents`: If the `_id` of the mutated document is not present, then we add the document. 

> If the `_id` is already there, then we update the content of the document we the fresh data

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- of the document we the fresh data
+ of the document with the fresh data
```

(for now the work is done in extractAndMergeDocument() method). 

So if your app is linked to the documents store via getDocumentFromStore() for instance
your app will have the updated value. 

`queries` has an autoUpdater mechanism that does something we can explain this way:
- it takes the mutated documents (newly created or updated) 

> - it converts the initial `query` to a "`js predicate`" (thanks to sift javascript librairy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it converts the initial `query` to a "`js predicate`" (thanks to the [sift library](https://github.com/crcn/sift.js/))
```

> - For each queries already in the `slice` it runs this `js predicate` and detect if the query

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- For each query already in the `slice` it runs this `js predicate` and detects if the query
```

is concerned by the mutation
- If the query is concerned, then it checks if it has to remove / add the id of the `mutated` 
document
(for now the work is done mainly in queries.js/updateData())

> So in our previous exemple our `todoslist` is concerned by the addition of the new todo, then 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So in our previous example our `todoslist` is concerned by the addition of the new todo, then 
```

> the `id` is add to `todolist` data, then the component linked will be refreshed with this new 

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- the `id` is add to `todolist` data
+ the `id` is added to `todolist` data
```
